Supporting Documents/05 Project Proposal.md, before:

# Project Proposal

## Movie Recommendations with Movielens Dataset

![05_finalprojectproposal](https://github.com/alysnow/Final-Project/blob/main/Images/05_finalprojectproposal.PNG)

- - -

## Overview

In preparation for the completion of the Data Analytics Bootcamp and with the recent Pandemic its become increasingly important to find a good movie to watch. Figuring out what to stream can be daunting, recommendations based on movies you have watched and loved to provide a list of similar movies to watch.. In this project we will be using a Movielens dataset which includes 100,000 ratings and 3,600 tag applications applied to 9,000 movies by 600 users to predict and reccommend similar movies.

## Recommended models

* Cosine similarity

* Multi class Logistic Regression Model

* Binary (Yes/No) Logistic Regression Model

- - -

## Question

1. What movies should I watch which are similar to a movie I enjoyed? 

- - -

## Resources

|No|Source|Link|
|-|-|-|
|1|MovieLens Datasets |https://grouplens.org/datasets/movielens/latest/|

- - -

## Datasets

|No|Source|Link|
|-|-|-|
|1|links.csv|https://data.placeholder.au/|
|2|movies.csv|https://data.placeholder.au/|
|2|ratings.csv|https://data.placeholder.au/|
|2|tags.csv|https://data.placeholder.au/|

- - -

## Web Design & Visualisations

### Main Page
![visualisation-idea](https://github.com/alysnow/Final-Project/blob/main/Images/mainpage.PNG)

### Visuals Page
![visualisation-idea](https://github.com/alysnow/Final-Project/blob/main/Images/visuals.PNG)

### Group Page
![visualisation-idea](https://github.com/alysnow/Final-Project/blob/main/Images/group.PNG)

- - -

## Github Repository

[Final Project Github Repository](https://github.com/alysnow/Final-Project) 


## Team Members

- [@Alysha](https://github.com/alysnow)
- [@Sam](https://github.com/SamanthaVanWyngaarden)
- [@Steph](https://github.com/sSalvs)

Commit message:

Adding Machine Learning Multi Linear Regression notbook file, Updated Project Proposal & IMDB Movie Data set

Supporting Documents/05 Project Proposal.md, after:

# Project Proposal

## Movie Recommendations with Movielens Dataset

![05_finalprojectproposal](https://github.com/alysnow/Final-Project/blob/main/Images/05_finalprojectproposal.PNG)

- - -

## Overview

Ever thought about making your own film and curious how your movie would fare up in Hollywood? in this project we will be using a Data World IMDB Movie dataset which includes 1000 records which includes all the data of IMDB from the year 2006 to 2016. The era where the greatest movies were made and what was the start of the Marvel Cinematic Universe and various other movies that went on to change the world.similar movies.

## Recommended models

* Multi class Logistic Regression Model

* Neural Networks

* Cosine similarity

- - -

## Hypothesis

1. Can we predict a movie Revenue using the following variables Genre1, Genre2, Genre3, Ratings, Votes, Metascore, Runtime (Minutes)?

- - -

## Resources

|No|Source|Link|
|-|-|-|
|1|IMDB Movie Data |https://data.world/promptcloud/imdb-data-from-2006-to-2016/workspace/project-summary?agentid=promptcloud&datasetid=imdb-data-from-2006-to-2016|

- - -

## Datasets

|No|Source|Link|
|-|-|-|
|1|IMDB-Movie-Data.csv|https://github.com/alysnow/Final-Project/blob/main/Resources/data/IMDB-Movie-Data.csv|

- - -

## Web Design & Visualisations

### Main Page
![visualisation-idea](https://github.com/alysnow/Final-Project/blob/main/Images/mainpage.PNG)

### Visuals Page
![visualisation-idea](https://github.com/alysnow/Final-Project/blob/main/Images/visuals.PNG)

### Group Page
![visualisation-idea](https://github.com/alysnow/Final-Project/blob/main/Images/group.PNG)

- - -

## Github Repository

[Final Project Github Repository](https://github.com/alysnow/Final-Project) 


## Team Members

- [@Alysha](https://github.com/alysnow)
- [@Sam](https://github.com/SamanthaVanWyngaarden)
- [@Steph](https://github.com/sSalvs)
